LCA09 TODO:
(Mostly taken from docs/todo.html - a lot of these may be done)

	Timeframe:
		** CFP
			Website up with zookpr running to receive papers
		** CFP Close (call for mini-confs closes here final)
		** Re-open CFP
		** CFP Close
		** Paper Assessment
			Paper Committee
		** F2F meeting
		** Finalise Programme
			Publish Programme (web)
		** EB tickets on sale
		** EB end

	Emails:
		Outgoing e-mails should be properly encoded for unicode (both the headers and the body - the body can just be utf-8, but the headers are more complicated, IIRC). 

	Terminology:
		Call for presentations/papers/talks?
		Registration is used in too many places
		Why is the company called "SecurePay", the form is processed by "SafePay" and the explanations are from "DirectOne"? 

	Theme/Design:
		Fix up template files with proper CSS (things like radio buttons aren't padded correctly etc).
		Design Attractive homepage for placing announcements on. Perhaps a count down to conference etc
			Call for mini-confs
			Call for presentations
			Reopening of CFP
			Call for presentations closed
			Early birds opening soon
			Early birds available
			Early birds over
			Conference countdown
			Todays news (for at the conference)

	Menu:
		Fix up all the double URL's. EG presentations/papers?
		Restructure the menu to reflect LCA09's plans

	User account:
		Do we really need a nick name? Referring to people by their real name and email address on the website should be enough. A nickname on badges is ok.
		Tie in account registration with CFP's or at least display a nice message saying the need to be signed in to submit
		Carry over as much information from 08 as possible? Log in details, email, address, bio etc...
			A way of deleting an account if their email address is no long active and they forgot their password?
		Password reset should work multiple times, especially if several months have elapsed (as between proposal submission and registration). 
		Give an error message when cookies are blocked (rather than just mysteriously failing to log in). 
		login should trim() the username before it checks the DB. it should also be case-insensitive
		sign-in password shouldn't be sent in the clear, should use https 

	Registration:
		Should we enforce a "not registered until paid for" rule. This should probably apply to user accounts but becomes difficult with speaker and mini-conf etc accounts.
		Make sure the form shows earlybird prices when appropriate 
		speakers - hotel / college preference 
		Need to specify that mini-conf organisers are allowed to contact delegates who have indicated interest in a particular mini conf.
		"Edit registration" should show the correct person details when somebody else (an organiser) is editing the registration. 
		Unify person.phone and registration.phone 
		The silly description should only be generated once, not changed when the user hits an error or edits details. 
			Replace the silly description with a marchsouth specific funness?
				I would suggest a rusty russell fact. Then at the conference venue we hide the (appropriate) facts around the place
		Earlybird invoices should make it clear that they're only valid while earlybirds are open (the "due date" should be earlybird-close and there should be a footnote about earlybird quota). 
		The rego form asks for "handle" and "superhero name", with the handle not being used for much. Perhaps these should be merged. 
		In registration, calculate is_speaker just once rather than over and over (and over). 
			There's now a method is_speaker() on the person object, but it's not (yet) used anywhere much. Registration should be switched over to use that. 

	Mini-conf:
		Remove hard coded mini-conf organisers
		Voucher codes should be made a little more powerful so that they can replace the monday-pass and tuesday-pass roles (which are currently a bit of a pain: the mini-conf speaker has to sign in but not pay, then one of the organisers has to grant the role, then the mini-conf speaker has to edit the registration to select the ticket type.) 
		The miniconf role and the list of miniconf organisers in the registration controller should be unified, or at least the difference made clear. Probably as one or two roles, to make them easy to manage. 

	Call for papers:
		Number of presenters needs to be more clearly defined. There needs to be one lead presenter and the others will not get funded.
		Choose method of funding... I particularly like having a set limit for national and international presenters that we will fund up to.
			Thus if two people are presenting the one paper, then they can split the funding between them, or pay for one and a bit of the other etc etc.
			Extra information about funding/comments. Include estimated costs in here if possible.

	Accommodation:
		Set up a config file for details rather then hackery
		Integrate Wrest Point booking system?

	Administration:
		Voucher codes should be validated against the list of voucher codes... 

	At Conference:
		A more structured way of handling at-conference talk attachments - videos in multiple formats, slides, additional files

	Payment:
		Provide simpler way for companies to register and pay for tickets for their employees.

	Ideallness:
		Ideally, replace all instances of validators.Int with BoundedInt (from lib.validators), which (a) defaults to the PostgreSQL integer range and (b) allows tighter bounds when appropriate (like min=0) 
		Make nosetests work again 
